# Overview

The goal of this document is to explain most, if not all, interactions with either an `EVM-Lite` or `Monetd` node.

## Table of Contents

1. [Outline](#outline)
2. [Pre-requisites](#pre-requisites)
3. [Importing Keyfile](#importing-keyfile)
4. [Getting Started](#getting-started)

## Outline

We will be building a `smart contract` to handle all the business logic for a simple crowdfunding platform. We will touch on all `Accounts` (from `evm-lite-core`) module functionality as well as deploying `smart contracts` and interacting with its methods.

_**The source code for this example will be included in this directory.**_

## Pre-requisites

Before starting we will need either a running `EVM-Lite` or a `Monet` node. If you have not yet started one up, you can visit the installation documentation for [`EVM-Lite`](https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/evm-lite) or [`Monet`](https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/monetd) to help get started.

You will also need to make sure that you have access to an account with funds on the respective network or node.

It is also advised to have `evmlc` or `monetcli` for `EVM-Lite` and `Monetd` respectivley. If you have not yet installed the CLI, you can do so by running

```bash
npm install -g evm-lite-cli
```

or for `monetcli`

```bash
npm install -g monetcli
```

Documentation of the commands can be found in its [repository](https://github.com/mosaicnetworks/evm-lite-cli).

### Keyfiles

The keystore directories which are default to `EVM-Lite` and `Monetd` are shared by the respective CLI wallets. So there is no need to import any keyfiles generated by `EVM-Lite` or `Monetd`.

## Getting Started

The getting started guide can be found [here](getting-started.md).
